DOC-3172: Update Full Screen plugin documentation to clarify classic mode requirement. (#3658)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/fullscreen.adoc

:pluginname: Full Screen
:plugincode: fullscreen

The {pluginname} plugin enables fullscreen editing in {productname} when using classic mode. Activating the toolbar button expands the editable area to fill the browser viewport. The plugin adds a `+Fullscreen+` toolbar button and a corresponding menu item under the `+View+` menu.

> Full screen mode can be toggled using the following keyboard shortcuts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fullscreen mode can be toggled using the following keyboard shortcuts:
```
